// nEv!N
// Kuril Description File

City of Kuril
=============

Area:                	Kuril
Wizard:              	Nevin
Description:         	Coastal city on the west side of Kuril Island.  A 
			tough city.  The locals are used to having visitors
			from all over the world--most come for the trade.
			The city is ruled by the Necromancers of Kuril.  The 
			Order of the Blessed Return has taken over a temple
			in the city.  Friction between the two groups exits.
			The necromancers fear that the Order wishes to take
			over Kuril, but the ORder is only interested in 
			Kuril because of the arches.  The Order knows about
			the power of the arches and the possibility of
			opening a direct portal to Avalon.  The Order
			wishes to find a complete set of Primal Orbs,
			activate an arch and destroy Avalon, one of the last
                        strongholds of good in all the Shadowlands.  The 
			city is meant to be visited regularly by players.
			Either for food and water, or for the special items
			that will be sold there (pet orbs, and hopefully
			more later).
Pathname:           	/d/nocte/kuril 
World Map Location:  	/d/damned/virtual/room_24_32.world
Area Entry:          	/d/nocte/kuril/pier2
Mobs:                   Almost all mobs have multiple long and short descs.
                 	citizens        - will flee in terror if they see 
					  citizens attacked, one citizen 
					  file but there are thirty
					  different long and short 
					  descriptions.  the long descs
 					  give information about the city
					  of kuril, levels 1-10
			zombies         - just sit around and emote, levels 1-5
			wights          - will attack players if they sit 
				          around too long, levels 5-7
			watchman        - protectors of the city, levels 12-16
			necromancers    - guard the entrance to the school 
					  of necromancy, levels 10-14
			temple guards   - guard the dark temple, levels 12-16
			chaos hounds    - pets of the temple guards, level 15
			gate sentries   - can be bribed to let players through
					  the ward gates at night (and they
				          collect the money as well), level 15
			merchants       - in the marketplace during the day
					  they can sell things out of their
                                          carts, level 10
		        sailors         - in the lower ward during the day,
                                          level 10
                        fisherman       - sits on one of the piers, level 7
			dockworkers     - in the lower ward during the day,
                                          levels 3-5
	                shopkeepers     - various, for the shops, level 50
                        waiters         - hsspra and fierana, level 10
Quest:               	Integrated with Mythril's zone--a quest to recover a
                        complete set of Primal Orbs.  There will be 
			multiple solution possibilities.  Depending upon
			the class of the player, giving the set of robs
			to a certain group will either be 'correct' or
			'incorrect'.  For example, if a paladin gives the
			orbs to the Order, that is definitely the wrong
			quest solution for that player.  There may be
			penalties for this type of action and mostly
			definitely the player will not have solved the
			quest.
Future Plans:        	Possibilies:
                     	*1. rivers around the city (coded so that the 
			    players who cannot fly will not get stuck in
			    the tubes)
			2. Temple of the Blessed Return
			3. School of Necromancy
			4. city sewers and underground system
Weapons:             	In order to aid tinkers, almost all of the weapons
                        that my mobs use are virtual weapons.  In some 
                        instances I have changed the long and short descs. 
                        Some mobs also have a small chance of having a 
			magical weapon.  The enchantments are small and
			do include property flags, i.e. flame blade prop.
			So enchanting these weapons does not give an added
			bonus to players.  
Armors:              	Many armour pieces are virtual, in some cases, I 
			have coded 'sets' of clothing for citizens and
			other mobs.
Misc Objects:        	pet orbs        - can be purchased at the magic 
					  store.  they are currently very
					  costly as I did not know what
					  the 'going' price is for the
					  pets of similar level.  This is
					  to avoid underpricing pet making
					  players.  As more information
  					  becomes available, the prices
					  will be adjusted slightly.  the
					  pets are perm and pop out of
					  the orbs when you 'shatter' 
					  them.
                                          Current pets: wolves, brownies, 
					  dire wolves.
                                          Future pets: driders, minotaurs.
Added Notes:         	Every effort has been made to make this 'feel' like
			a real city.  The watchmen will protect the 
			citizens.  The citizens will flee in terror when a
			fight breaks out.  Also, depending on the time of
			day, different mobs will load, and some will
			disappear into my 'incinerator'.  This was done
			because a simple this_object()->remove(); results
			in the object's items just dropping to the ground.
			The incinerator removes everything in it each 
			reset.  During the night you will find wights
			roaming the Lower Ward, while the citizens and
			guards take refuge in the relative safety of the
			Upper Ward.  Further improvements to such 'city
			realism' may be made with the usage of Stryfe's
			control.c object.
