// Coder: nEv!N
// Version 2

I. History of Kuril

	Long ago, before the ages of darkness which soon followed,
the Ethereals and Elves lived in harmony and all was well.  Together,
the two races built cities of glory and majesty never again seen in all
the world.  Scattered throughout the world, these beautiful cities where
like stars in the night--points of goodness and purity in the vastness
of a dark universe.  One of these cities was Sesstria.  City of the 
Elements it was called, for here scholars and magicians lived, studied,
and explored the nature of the universe.  Because of the magical arches 
within the city, Sesstria became a center of commerce, trade, and 
knowledge.  The arches allowed immediate magical transport to elven 
cities scattered throughout the world.  All of these elven cities have
been lost in the passing millenia.  All except for one, Avalon.  The
existence of a magical city called Avalon is merely legend and folklore
now.  Tales told to young children before they rest.

	When The Great War began and consumed the world in blood and 
destruction, the elves of Sesstria sided with the Ethereals of Light,
the Seraphs.  Marghuul's darke minions laid waste to the land and
earth.  Seeking to conquer the world and cast it into ethernal darkness,
Marghuul was defeated by the allied forces of goodness and light.
Banished to the lower planes, Marghuul still waits, brooding and
biding his time.

	After the great war the elves of Sesstria, seeing the need for
eternal viligance against such evil, aided their Seraph friends in
building the city of Avalon.  Many elves chose to live in Avalon, for
here was a city of beauty that no elf could resist.  Centuries passed
and the two cities existed in peace and harmony.

	Centuries later came a tide of evil that again threatened to 
smother the Shadowlands.  Summoned by followers of the Order of the
Blessed Return, Grak'Nar and Bar'Rak, lieutenants of Marghuul himself,
again laid waste to the world.  Again the evil was stemmed by the forces
of good.  Celeborn of Avalon, Alyr Falyon of the Moonwood Elven Tribes,
Tiviel of Sesstria, ----- of -----, ----- of -----, and ----- of -----
defeated the foul lieutenants.  But such a victory was not without 
a price.

	Upon returning to her home of Sesspria, Tiviel found that in
here absence, Sesspria had fallen.  In order to prevent the darke
forces from destroying Avalon as well, the remaining elves had fled
to Avalon, taking all but one set of the Primal Orbs which activated
the magical arches.  The last set was entrusted to a long elven
warrior.  What this person's name was or where he went is unknown.
It is rumoured that the Order has been searching for these orbs in
order to reactivate one of the arches...allowing them direct access
to Avalon.

	Years after the fall of Sesspria, a new city has arisen from
the ruins.  Named Kuril, it is an abomination of the elven
word 'cirila' which means 'to flourish, to grow'.  As much an
abomination in form as in name, Kuril is now the center of a evil
empire whose arm streches far and wide.  Controlled by the sinister
mages in the School of Necromancy, they seek to gain control of the
word.

	The Order of the Blessed Return has not been lazy either.
They have formed a temple within the heart of Kuril itself.  The
necromancers fear that the Order may eventually wrestle control of
Kuril from them, but the constant threat of invasion keeps the
necromancers too busy to deal with the Order.  Little do the 
necromancers know that the Order could care less about Kuril, all
they care about are the arches...and regaining a complete set of
Primal Orbs.

	Rumours in neighboring nations indicate that there is an
underground movement in Kuril led by elven spies to reclaim the
city of Kuril.  You are warned that such rumours usually have
been retold too many times to be accurate.
