        ---=== Excepts from the Diary of Lady Tiviel ===---

	The winds of war are finally approaching our fair city.  I am
afraid that we shall soon be pulled into this great conflict before we
are prepared.  The elders have failed to heed my warnings, instead
believing that the greatness of this city would protect us.  They
foolishly believe that the darkness could never touch us behind our
city walls.

					-Time of Darkness

	Make shift boats and various floating objects have brought scores
of refugees to our very city gates.  They have fled the chaos and 
destruction to the west.  We shall offer them what solice we can here
while we still have time.  Preparations have begun in earnest to 
prepare ourselves for the coming battle.  Messengers from the linked
cities report huge armies making their way across the world.  Only death
and suffering lies in their wake.  I fear that our efforts will be for
naught.
	The healers have tended to the sick and infirm.  The survivors
bring with them a new type of magic.  The healers and warriors of the
elemental spheres are eager to share and learn what they can while they can.

					-Time of the Great War

	They have finally arrived, as I knew they would.  They have already
taken the Sacred Temple of Kalen.  To prevent them from gaining access to
the other cities, we have removed the Primal Orbs.  Dark figures fly over
the city at all times.  I pray that all of the orbs have been carried away
to safety, away from our doomed city.
	The healers, with the new magical knowledge brought by the refugees,
believe that we have one chance left to drive the evil from Sesprial.  They
have already 'animated' the fallen bodies of some of our brave soldiers.
I am assured that the spirits are no longer bound to the mortal shell.
I feel that what they do is wrong, but it is our last chance.  Already 
over eighty percent of our able bodied have fallen.

					-Time of Sorrow

	What have we done.  What have we allowed ourselves to become?  We
are not gods, we are mortal beings.  The 'undead' as the healers have named
them, no longer follow our commands.  They have a mind of their own.  They
have spirits, and wills.  They will not be bound by the weak powers of the
healers new to this form of magic.
	Those that remain alive will leave this evening.  We hope that in 
the darkness, we may escape death.  Some healers refuse to join their
brethen who have taken my father's palace as their own.  They will journey
with us.  We hope fo find other cities who have not fallen to the dark
hordes.  We will first flee inland.  We will need to build ships to carry
us away from this island, our home for countless centuries.
	This will be my last entry as I fear we will not survive.  My father
remains strong in his belief that we will eventually prevail over the evil
which has taken the land and the souls of our beloved friends and family.

					Princess Tiviel

					-Time of Flight
