	   =-=-=- <Priests of Akhamshish> -=-=-=

	The Priests of Akhamshish believe that the world must
be destroyed in order for it to be created anew.  With the
destruction of the world, their lord Akhamshish will rise in
power and take his rightful place as ruler.  This 'holy 
cleansing' or purification of blood, can be accomplished through
their unmatched powers, which center upon destruction, death and
the power of the desert.  To kill is a holy act, one that will
expediate the rise of Akhamshish.  To the followers of Akhamshish,
it is an honour to be killed in his name.  The Priests of
Akhamshish have a strange way of dealing with their most hated
foes, they leave them alone.  For to kill them would grant them
a death they do not deserve.
	'Weep not for the blessed' is a common saying taken from 
their scriptures, which translates as 'do not cry for those that 
have died to further Akhamshish, for they will be counted amongst 
the blessed and will be favoured by our lord.'

	The following is an excerpt from the Akhamishad, Holy Book 
of the Priests of Akhamshish:

Akhamishad 10:6-12
 
	6 Slayer of all, Death Incarnate, Destroyer of Worlds, Eye 
of Pain, Lord of Doom. All these names are Akhamshish. 7 Akhamshish 
is the embodiment of pain, of suffering, of torture, of despair.      
8 Entropy will take over the universe and when it does, our lord 
will rule. 9 To destroy, to kill, to increase the entropy of the 
universe is a holy thing. 10 All things change, all things die, all 
will soon be dust and Akhamshish. 11 For when the world dies our 
lord will come, and from the ashes will arise a new world! A world 
ruled by Akhamshish! 12 Only the enlightened shall survive this 
time of change. Only the enlightened shall be gazed upon with love 
by our lord. Only the enlightened shall have a place at the side of 
our lord. Only we are the enlightened. 

Type:	Desert Priest Spell Caster
Skills: Some combat
Spells:	Combat, Destruction, Desert, Summoning
Prime Attributes: Wis, Con

Comments: Priests of Akhamshish are the equivalent of Chaotic-Lords 
	and Paladins in the Priest group. These destruction loving 
	priests do not fear death and its consequences, but embrace 
 	it as an aspect of their dedication to Akhamshish. Their 
	destructive abilities are legendary.  Those who cross the
	Priests of Akhamshish soon recieve a 'blessing' they will
	not soon forget.
