                   ROLEPLAYING AND DARKEMUD

Roleplaying is not required on Darkemud.  However, several items
exist to enhance roleplay if you choose to pursue it.

Backgrounds - Backgrounds are a way for others to know your
characters history.  They must be contain 40 lines or less and
must be In Character (IC) ie you should not put anything in them
concerning the Real Life world. Your background should not tell 
others what they think or feel, so no  "You feel afraid when
confronted by Shadowraith's glare." (even though that may be true.
You are not required to have a background, but they are required
if you want to compete for Roleplay Quest Points. (See below)

Titles - Once players reach a certain level, they may set a title
for themselves.  If you are competing for QP's then your title
must be IC.  Thus it should be liek Shadowraith the Damned instead
of Shadowraith is watching TV.

Channels - Quest points are awarded on occasion as well for
continuous role playing.  The "darke" channel is for IC
conversations only.  Anyone who talks OOC on the darke channel
is subject to reprisal.  The "chat" channel exists for talking about
the weather, etc.

Descriptions - Again, roleplaying is a whole character concept.  
Descriptions must be IC if you wish to compete for QP's.  And you
should not tell others how they feel/think/act when they read your 
description.

And finally, interactions.  Take time to read the other guys 
background.  He probably spent some time developing it and part of
roleplaying is having your character react to what he knows of the
other guy.  Such interactions are vital to completing the entire 
roleplay.

QUEST POINTS - It is possible to earn quest points via roleplay.  
The first requirement is that you must have all of the options listed
above filled in.  1 QP may be awarded for an outstanding background
file.  You must be nominated to the Day Admin (currently Shadowraith)
to obtain this (and you cannot nominate yourself).  1-2 QP's will be 
awarded on rare occasions for continous outstanding roleplay.  It must
be continous because you must be noticed on more than one occasion, in
the mud, on the darke channel, etc. 

See also: background

