Monks of Nalon ---- As written by Kiki the Arch-Mage (outsider)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------



   Long age, after the Great War, a man called Nalon decided that

the world was to evil and cruel to live in, after all, it was the

men in this world that almost destroyed it with the Great War.

He decided to live his life in seclusion, but soon found that total

seclusion was not possible, being attacked by more sadistic people.

He began training himself in the arts of hand-to-hand combat, for use

in self-defense only.  Word soon spread of the man, and people began

to travel to him, wishing to learn from him.  He carefully choose

some followers, not accepting any from evil races, and trained them

in his methods of combat.

   Nalon lived a long life, giving his followers the knowledge to

survive, fight, and live on in the realitive peace of there village.

He died an old happy man, his followers surviving to keep his esteemed

way of life in tact.  He died with the hopes that the world would

also see the benefits of peace and harmony.

   The community grew into a small village, the men peaceful, but

ready to defend themselves from the evils of the world.  The men

decided to call themselves monks.  The monks lived on, passing there

knowledge to there children long after Nalon was dead.  He became

a legend to them, the person who started there way of life.

   Eventually they divided themselves into sects, each specializing

in a different form of self-defense.  Most were warrior-monks,

who trained mainly in hand-to-hand combat, nothing else.  Another

was the monks who put more emphasis into mind control, using

there mental abilities to strengthen there bodies and abilities

to defend themselves.  The third sect, the smallest, was a group

of monks who trained in the arts of illusion, deception, and

and movement.  The shadow monks were looked down upon by the

other monks, and they soon left the peaceful forest village

for a less secluded existance.  Greed over-took them as they

began to see how they could use there powers to kill for

money, and they became the Shadowmages.

   With the shadow monks gone, that line of study became outlawed

in the village.  The warrior-monks, and mind monks were the only

sects left.  From the years after that, the monks way of life changed

little, there training techniques remaining steady thoughout the

centuries.  Too this day the monks exist, although it is not known

where.

