=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- DarkeMUD Clan System -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Finally we have a way to integrate clans and the cross training
system!  Well here goes.

1)  Clans are run totally by the players.
2)  To start a clan you must be above level 25 and not a GM!
    The clan leader invites who he wants, ad is the head
    of the clan.
3)  No player can join the clan if he or she is within 8 levels 
    of the leader.
4)  Now the cross traning part.  Players inside the clan can
    train each other.  You can only teach if you have over 50% 
    in a skill or 3 in a spell.  You may only teach up to 
    your level - 25% (skills) or your level - *1 (spells).
    Each clan stronghold (below) conta9ins a teaching room 
    which also limits the maximum training level, as well as
    dictates the time required to learn a skill or spell.
    For a substantial financial outlay, the teaching room may
    be upgraded to allow quicker and more advanced training.

5)  Ohh... now the fun part begins! Clan Castles(Strongholds)
    The clan leader can buy a clan castle.  These suckers are 
    going to be big.  They will house clan train rooms.
    Clan members will have room ownership inside the stronghold,
    so the clan members can customize their section of the
    stronghold.  There will basically be the same options as castles.
    Other kewl things about the strongholds.  Well now there will
    be more people on to defend their strongholds.  There will also
    be siege engines to knock down doors in strongholds.  They will
    be built by tinkers and take about 10 people to use.
    Basically we want clans to war against each other.  There
    will also soon be two more cities, so we can break up where
    the guilds are located.  The world map will also be expanded.

6)  Ok I know there will be questions so let me try to answer then
    before you flood me with tells.  ALL the people who have CT'd
    This will be important.  I am giving you a choice. 
    1)  We strip your skills and spells that are C/T'd with no dev
        compensation.  I am not calculating that shit!
    2)  Or you reincarnate FREE!
    Now the good news.  I have compensated for intra lvl dev!  
    Don't ask me how much.  I talked to many players and it is at 
    the right amount right now.  Your fate is in your own hands!
    Sounds like some movie right?  When will we have to reinc or
    get stripped?  Right about now is good for me.  When will the
    new clan and C/T system open?  Well it is being coded as we 
    speak... When we open depends on you all.  We will open when
    there are about 6-8 people in the 20's.  I want to open a
    couple of clans at once.  Not just one or two.  What will 
    happen to old castles?  There will be an upkeep cost on
    castles and strongholds.  I would assume everyone will
    move into a stronghold or get robbed every day.  There is
    safety in numbers!
 
    In case you are wondering, here are the approx. amounts for
    upkeep:
    Castles: 400-500 gold per month (real time) per room of castle.
    Clan strongholds: 1500 gold per month PLUS 400-500 per room. 
    You will be allowed to pay rent up to about 3 months in advance.
    Exceptions will be made for people who notify us BEFOREHAND
    about special cricumstances such as extended vacations, or accidental
    death or dismemberment.  A physician's note will be required.
    Just kidding.

7)  What about GM's... well since they can't form clans...
    They CAN join clans, of course, or how would they cross train?
    In addition, guildmasters are charged with the task of keeping
    order, ie, not letting clans take over the mud.  How well
    they do this, of course, depends on them.  Basically the tools
    at their disposal are their allegiances (if any) to other guildmasters,
    and their ability to put members of their guild in "bad standing,"
    which increases the training cost for that player.

The basic idea is to move the center to clans from guilds.
Encourage role play interaction and to have fun.  Clans will
want to be well rounded and have most every guild in their
clan.  

If you have any comments, questions, or suggestions mail ME
not all of the arch's.

You can thank Warsyn for coming up with the clan system design.

++Drizzt 7/3/96


    



  

