
Diewarzau,

First off...  Thanks for your interest in my idea.
Good points.  Most of them I have considered already.

When I posted that original note I didn't know how death and
reviving worked on this mud.  Later, I saw the monastery code
in /std.  I don't think it would be a problem.  I was planning
a locked graveyard outside the commoner's square.  A chapel
could be setup nearby with church code for ghosts.  Let me
know if you got a problem with it.

Also, when I wrote that note I didn't know how a player quits
without losing his equipment.  In most any mud mid-to-high
level players like to retain equipment between logons.  I was
planning on addressing this after I had done some work on the
area.  I think they call them locker-rooms here?  chests would
work, too.

Stores?  There should be stores out the wazoo here.  I am
planning a full-blown city of darkness!  shops, pubs, banks(?-
I have to look into this one, too.  with pkilling you need 
banks.), donjon, dungeon, sewers, graveyard, and palace.

There is one problem that I think will have to be accepted in
this area design.  It will prove to be a death-trap for lower-
level players who happen to 'find' there way here.  The history
doc says sword-demon's come from another plane of existence
and bribe their way to the real world with their minds bent on
re-domination of the world (or, somethin' like that..).  For
realism you can't have players bolting from one plane to another
at a whim.  Also, they isolate themselves from the "benefits"
of the real world.  More on that later...


I was figuring a mage-type would transfer the player to the
other world.  He would be a talkie-type and if bribed or
attacked he 'pings' the player to the sword-demon realm and enter 
the wastelands (black, no magic area with maze).  Once here
the player finds the city and explores it.  The only way
back would be by bribing another mage-type.  The lower-levels
would die because they can't kill the city's gate sentry to
get to a chapel.  Worse comes to worse I can make the mage-type
on the real world side not transfer players under a certain
level.

Here's a layout of the city so far.  Most of this is in my
head and as time passes I figure I will expand this area.
It could get pretty big if the area's idea is accepted and
my interest stays high!


                 Wastelands[maze]
                  (entry point)            North  /\
                      |                      	
                      |                                        
                  City Gate
                      |
Thieves'              |         Noble's
Hideout--Houses--Market Square--Homes
                      |
                      |
              Palace--|-Donjon
                      |     \
                      |      \ Dungeon
                      |               \   
           Houses     |                Sewers

             |        |                 /
     Gate  ------Commoner's--| Graveyard
                  Square
                      |
                      |
           Houses------------ Houses
                      |
                      |
                    Gate


Addon areas or new ideas will be hinged at the west and south
gates.  This could be a huge area with lots of goodies for
the adventurers.  Shops, pubs, and the inn we discussed
would hang off of the two squares.

So, far I have rough room code with a few mobs for the
wastelands, city gate, market square, thieves' hideout,
and the donjon.  There are some things I don't like about
what I've done so far.  Most of it was experimenting and
needs to be cleaned up.  I can do that after the newbie
area.
                   
One problem area that I thought of awhile back centers
around the guild concept and training for level.  With
an area of long-term adventuring and a place a player
may not discover an exit from for days, you run into 
the problem of player's gaining level in the area and
being unable to train.  Also, some guilds may end up
having a real social structure and need to meet 
frequently.  Anyone coming here would be away from
that.  That's the isolation issue.. 


To get around it I was thinking about floating the idea
of a multi-guild trainer somewhere in the city.  Of course,
if the individual guild coders change their guild code
alot--then you run into the problem of maintenance.

I am new to LPC muds.  I have spent most of my recent
mudding on DIKU, but have played mud-like computer games
since the early eighties.  In RL I am a systems analyst
for a big company, so this is a nice escape and a way
for me to see the internals of a mud.

Anyway...  All of this is do'able.  Problems can be
worked out later.  Thanks for your interest.  Damn!
When I started this note I didn't think it would get
this long!

Khojem - 95.12.04

