Players play the game, and wizards construct it. In this document,
'player' is meant to mean mortal player. Wizard players are denoted as
'wizard'. In general, players and wizards should have very little
interaction in any way other than formal or personal roles. Formally,
guildmasters deal quite frequently with wizards and because of this
the wizard must take special care to not give out improper information
or take too great a role in the politics of the guild.

Elder Wizards and above are encouraged to help with requests if the
wizard thinks he can help the player afflicted. On a personal basis,
wizards and mortals may socialize so long as it is on the mortal's
terms. It is best to avoid popping down in Akkad and talking to
everyone that happens by, however. In no case should wizards give
out information that the mortal could not find in 'help topics'. Be
careful since experienced players know how to ask questions in a way
that they get information you do not intend to give away.

Test Characters    - You should have TC in the game to test your stuff
                     on. You can have him logged on any time and you
                     may manipulate his stats however you want. Just
                     make sure you don't upset the internal book-keeping
                     or get involved with mortals. In all respects the
                     TC is to be regarded as a wizard with the same
                     responsabilities and obligations.

Seconds            - You are allowed to play the game with a normal
                     player once you have completed a contribution.
                     However, this player must have NO contact
                     with your wizard self. Basically this means:
                     You must never be logged on with your second and
                     your wizard at the same time. Not even linkdead
                     with one while active with the other. No advantage
                     can be taken from your wiz alter ego in your
                     player role. A typical demotion offense is to
                     stat other players or monster opponents in the
                     game for later (or immediate) use in your player
                     role.
                     You must never reveal your wizard identity to any
                     mortal or even hint that you are a wizard as well
                     as a player.
                     Due to the extra knowledge you have you must take
                     a passive part in the game. You are not allowed to
                     be a member of a council or become a prominent
                     leader in the game. Your wizard identity is your
                     primary identity. When playing becomes more
                     important than coding, you should resign as wizard.
                     All TC's and Seconds must be logged in
                     /open/wiz_characters

The Mud and seconds  The Balance Arch may decide if 
                     you may play with your second in the guilds and
                     areas that the mud consists of, but given the
                     extra knowledge you naturally possess you are
                     expected to be circumspect and pretend no extra
                     knowledge above what you find in the game.
                     Since your Mentor is responsible for your actions
                     in the game, the actions of your second will also
                     reflect on him and on the domain. Because of this
                     it's very much up to the Sponsor to decide if you
                     are spending too much time on your second, or if
                     your second is becoming too prominent in the game.

Socializing        - You are allowed a certain amount of contact with
                     mortals in your wizard capacity. However, this
                     contact should be kept to a minimum and be
                     conducted in such a way as not to abuse your
                     priviliges. Being stronger and more powerful
                     might make you think you have the right to let
                     your ego expand at the cost of the players, but
                     that's wrong and will only reduce you to their
                     ranks before long.
                     Personal conversations with mortals should be held
                     in a private room so as not to attract a great deal
                     of player attention. Always be careful not to
                     inadvertedly give out info that players are not
                     supposed to have, such as locations of other
                     players or the names of players who might not have
                     introduced themselves on purpose. Talk to them
                     one at a time and you'll avoid most problems.

Helping mortals    - No. Nothing. Zip. If they lose equipment and ask
                     you about it, tell them to mail arch via the post
                     ffice in Akkad.
                     Direct help with quests, numerical stats or ANY
                     kind of information they themselves can't get is
                     a no-no. I.e. if they can't find it for themselves,
                     that's the way it's supposed to be. General help
                     on how the game is played, e.g. 'How do I compare
                     my stats with monsters?', is ok, but 'Where would
                     I find a good sword?' is not.

Help from mortals  - If you have a nice new piece of equipment, and
                     perhaps a few new rooms you'd like a second opinion
                     on, get the help from a fellow wizard. If you get
                     a mortal to help you the inevitable result will be
                     that he gains unfair advantages or gets bugged,
                     usually both.

Consequences of the above
-------------------------

This varies a LOT. If it's an obvious mistake, it's nothing - forget
it. If it's intentional and we deem you salvagable you'll probably be
let off with a severe warning (yes, and your Sponsor might lose a level
for not keeping track of you). However, usually you get kicked out. So
think before you act.

Oh, being kicked out sometimes also results in having your entire site
locked out or even blocked if we think there's any risk of reprisals
or stupid stunts like that...

A small note based on empirical evidence
----------------------------------------

Right after being promoted to wizhood it's very tempting to want to run
out to your mortal friends to flaunt your new abilities.

A simple word of advice: Don't.

The only thing that'll happen is that you'll do something you shouldn't,
and as all newbie wizards are kept under a certain level of surveillance
(due to the above fact) you'll be discovered IMMEDIATELY and perhaps
demoted out of the game. Not fun. Resist the temptation and wait a few
days until you know what's allowed and not. The rules might look clear
and sensible but it's _very_ easy to run aground on a technicality or
perhaps just due to over-enthusiasm.
